Question 1: Which word most often follows the word “happy”?

Answer: birthday

Question 2: Which word most often follows the word “sad”?

Answer: song

Question 3: How many different (unique) words follow the word “computer”?

Answer: 57

Question 4: Which word most often follows the word “computer”?

Answer: love 

Question 5: How many times does this word follow “computer”’

Answer: 13

Question 6: Using the starting word “happy”, what song title do you get?

Answer: happy birthday song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is 

Question 7: Using the starting word “sad”, what song title do you get?

Answer:  sad song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a

Question 8: Using the starting word “hey”, what song title do you get?

Answer: hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey 

Question 9: Using the starting word “little”, what song title do you get?

Answer: little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a 

Question 10: Try a few other words. What problem(s) do you see? Which phrase do you most often find recurring in these titles?

Answer: Most words have extremly common subsequent words, which end up devolving into similar loops due to frequencies of different words. 
I found phrases "is a little girl" and "in the world" to be recurring in many titles.

Queston 10: Using the starting word “amore”, what song title do you get?

Answer: amore mio babbino caro gianni schicchi

Question 11: Using the starting word “love”, what song title do you get?

Answer: love you me down my love you me down my love you me down my love you me down my love 

Question 12: Using the starting word “little” again, what song title do you get now?

Answer: little girl i love you me down my love you me down my love you me down my love you me 

Question 14: Explain why so many of the titles devolve into repeating patterns.

Answer: It devolves into repeating patterns because there are other words which have very high frequencies in English which aren't included in the common words we excluded, which leads to the same issue.  Many words which have high frequencies have only one word that follows so they always result in the same pattern.

Question 15: Try several words. Find a song title that terminates in less than 20 words. Could you find one? If so, which song title did you find? If not, why not?

Answer: solar creates "solar plexus necrosis"

Question 16: Describe in one to two paragraphs your extension and how it fixed the repeating
phrase/word problem.

Answer:  My extension uses a HashMap that is locally defined within the user input loop.  This Hash keeps track of all words retreived from mcw() and if we encounter a word twice it breaks the mcw loop and ends the song title.  This is effective in shortening titles into readable titles.  I do believe it would work to go with next most common word but that would take a more in depth implementation.

Question 17: Using the starting word “montana”, what song title do you get?

Answer: montana sacra nova baby i love you are 

Question 18: Using the starting word “bob”, what song title do you get?

Answer: bob marley vs world is my heart 

Question 19: Using the starting word “bob’ again, do you get the same title? If no, what do
you get? Try it a third time. Explain why the title might differ each time.

Answer: Second time: bob marley me down road blues night long way you are 

This is different because marley has 6 words which follow it with the same frequency, meaning they will switch per our implementation at random.

Question 20: Share your favorite song title that you have found.

Answer: bob marley medley 1 2 b flat major op 64 bytes

Question 21: Name something you like about Perl. Explain.

Answer: Perl is very powerful for string manipulation and parsing.


Question 22: Name something you dislike about Perl. Explain.

Answer: I dislike it's syntactical differences from C/C++, personal preference, but nonetheless.


Question 23: Did you enjoy this lab? Which aspects did you like and/or dislike?

Answer: Yeah I thought it was rather neat to see common following words in song titles.


Question 24: Approximately how many hours did you spend on this lab?

Answer: 2 hours.


Question 25: Do you think you will use Perl again? For which type(s) of project(s)?

Answer: I use Perl occasionally when I need to parse files quickly though I also use AutoHotKey for even quicker tasks since it is more portable and quicker to write.  Perl is also handy for building files byte by byte when doing exploit testing.